https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/call.html#c.PY_VECTORCALL_ARGUMENTS_OFFSET PY_VECTORCALL_ARGUMENTS_OFFSET
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/iter.html#c.PyAIter_Check PyAIter_Check
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/arg.html#c.PyArg_Parse PyArg_Parse
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/arg.html#c.PyArg_ParseTuple PyArg_ParseTuple
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/arg.html#c.PyArg_ParseTupleAndKeywords PyArg_ParseTupleAndKeywords
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/arg.html#c.PyArg_UnpackTuple PyArg_UnpackTuple
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/arg.html#c.PyArg_VaParse PyArg_VaParse
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/arg.html#c.PyArg_VaParseTupleAndKeywords PyArg_VaParseTupleAndKeywords
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/arg.html#c.PyArg_ValidateKeywordArguments PyArg_ValidateKeywordArguments
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/bool.html#c.PyBool_FromLong PyBool_FromLong
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/bool.html#c.PyBool_Type PyBool_Type
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/buffer.html#c.PyBuffer_FillContiguousStrides PyBuffer_FillContiguousStrides
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/buffer.html#c.PyBuffer_FillInfo PyBuffer_FillInfo
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/buffer.html#c.PyBuffer_FromContiguous PyBuffer_FromContiguous
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/buffer.html#c.PyBuffer_GetPointer PyBuffer_GetPointer
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/buffer.html#c.PyBuffer_IsContiguous PyBuffer_IsContiguous
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/buffer.html#c.PyBuffer_Release PyBuffer_Release
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/buffer.html#c.PyBuffer_SizeFromFormat PyBuffer_SizeFromFormat
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/buffer.html#c.PyBuffer_ToContiguous PyBuffer_ToContiguous
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/bytearray.html#c.PyByteArray_AsString PyByteArray_AsString
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/bytearray.html#c.PyByteArray_Concat PyByteArray_Concat
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/bytearray.html#c.PyByteArray_FromObject PyByteArray_FromObject
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/bytearray.html#c.PyByteArray_FromStringAndSize PyByteArray_FromStringAndSize
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/bytearray.html#c.PyByteArray_Resize PyByteArray_Resize
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/bytearray.html#c.PyByteArray_Size PyByteArray_Size
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/bytearray.html#c.PyByteArray_Type PyByteArray_Type
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/bytes.html#c.PyBytes_AsString PyBytes_AsString
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/bytes.html#c.PyBytes_AsStringAndSize PyBytes_AsStringAndSize
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/bytes.html#c.PyBytes_Concat PyBytes_Concat
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/bytes.html#c.PyBytes_ConcatAndDel PyBytes_ConcatAndDel
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/bytes.html#c.PyBytes_FromFormat PyBytes_FromFormat
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/bytes.html#c.PyBytes_FromFormatV PyBytes_FromFormatV
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/bytes.html#c.PyBytes_FromObject PyBytes_FromObject
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/bytes.html#c.PyBytes_FromString PyBytes_FromString
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/bytes.html#c.PyBytes_FromStringAndSize PyBytes_FromStringAndSize
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/bytes.html#c.PyBytes_Size PyBytes_Size
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/bytes.html#c.PyBytes_Type PyBytes_Type
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/structures.html#c.PyCFunction PyCFunction
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/structures.html#c.PyCFunctionFast PyCFunctionFast
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/structures.html#c.PyCFunctionFastWithKeywords PyCFunctionFastWithKeywords
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/structures.html#c.PyCFunctionWithKeywords PyCFunctionWithKeywords
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/structures.html#c.PyCFunction_New PyCFunction_New
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/structures.html#c.PyCFunction_NewEx PyCFunction_NewEx
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/structures.html#c.PyCMethod_New PyCMethod_New
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/iterator.html#c.PyCallIter_New PyCallIter_New
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/iterator.html#c.PyCallIter_Type PyCallIter_Type
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/call.html#c.PyCallable_Check PyCallable_Check
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/capsule.html#c.PyCapsule_Destructor PyCapsule_Destructor
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/capsule.html#c.PyCapsule_GetContext PyCapsule_GetContext
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/capsule.html#c.PyCapsule_GetDestructor PyCapsule_GetDestructor
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/capsule.html#c.PyCapsule_GetName PyCapsule_GetName
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/capsule.html#c.PyCapsule_GetPointer PyCapsule_GetPointer
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/capsule.html#c.PyCapsule_Import PyCapsule_Import
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/capsule.html#c.PyCapsule_IsValid PyCapsule_IsValid
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/capsule.html#c.PyCapsule_New PyCapsule_New
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/capsule.html#c.PyCapsule_SetContext PyCapsule_SetContext
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/capsule.html#c.PyCapsule_SetDestructor PyCapsule_SetDestructor
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/capsule.html#c.PyCapsule_SetName PyCapsule_SetName
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/capsule.html#c.PyCapsule_SetPointer PyCapsule_SetPointer
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/codec.html#c.PyCodec_BackslashReplaceErrors PyCodec_BackslashReplaceErrors
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/codec.html#c.PyCodec_Decode PyCodec_Decode
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/codec.html#c.PyCodec_Decoder PyCodec_Decoder
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/codec.html#c.PyCodec_Encode PyCodec_Encode
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/codec.html#c.PyCodec_Encoder PyCodec_Encoder
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/codec.html#c.PyCodec_IgnoreErrors PyCodec_IgnoreErrors
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/codec.html#c.PyCodec_IncrementalDecoder PyCodec_IncrementalDecoder
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/codec.html#c.PyCodec_IncrementalEncoder PyCodec_IncrementalEncoder
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/codec.html#c.PyCodec_KnownEncoding PyCodec_KnownEncoding
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/codec.html#c.PyCodec_LookupError PyCodec_LookupError
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/codec.html#c.PyCodec_NameReplaceErrors PyCodec_NameReplaceErrors
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/codec.html#c.PyCodec_Register PyCodec_Register
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/codec.html#c.PyCodec_RegisterError PyCodec_RegisterError
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/codec.html#c.PyCodec_ReplaceErrors PyCodec_ReplaceErrors
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/codec.html#c.PyCodec_StreamReader PyCodec_StreamReader
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/codec.html#c.PyCodec_StreamWriter PyCodec_StreamWriter
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/codec.html#c.PyCodec_StrictErrors PyCodec_StrictErrors
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/codec.html#c.PyCodec_Unregister PyCodec_Unregister
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/codec.html#c.PyCodec_XMLCharRefReplaceErrors PyCodec_XMLCharRefReplaceErrors
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/complex.html#c.PyComplex_FromDoubles PyComplex_FromDoubles
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/complex.html#c.PyComplex_ImagAsDouble PyComplex_ImagAsDouble
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/complex.html#c.PyComplex_RealAsDouble PyComplex_RealAsDouble
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/complex.html#c.PyComplex_Type PyComplex_Type
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/descriptor.html#c.PyDescr_NewClassMethod PyDescr_NewClassMethod
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/descriptor.html#c.PyDescr_NewGetSet PyDescr_NewGetSet
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/descriptor.html#c.PyDescr_NewMember PyDescr_NewMember
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/descriptor.html#c.PyDescr_NewMethod PyDescr_NewMethod
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/dict.html#c.PyDictProxy_New PyDictProxy_New
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/dict.html#c.PyDict_Clear PyDict_Clear
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/dict.html#c.PyDict_Contains PyDict_Contains
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/dict.html#c.PyDict_Copy PyDict_Copy
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/dict.html#c.PyDict_DelItem PyDict_DelItem
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/dict.html#c.PyDict_DelItemString PyDict_DelItemString
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/dict.html#c.PyDict_GetItem PyDict_GetItem
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/dict.html#c.PyDict_GetItemRef PyDict_GetItemRef
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/dict.html#c.PyDict_GetItemString PyDict_GetItemString
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/dict.html#c.PyDict_GetItemStringRef PyDict_GetItemStringRef
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/dict.html#c.PyDict_GetItemWithError PyDict_GetItemWithError
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/dict.html#c.PyDict_Items PyDict_Items
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/dict.html#c.PyDict_Keys PyDict_Keys
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/dict.html#c.PyDict_Merge PyDict_Merge
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/dict.html#c.PyDict_MergeFromSeq2 PyDict_MergeFromSeq2
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/dict.html#c.PyDict_New PyDict_New
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/dict.html#c.PyDict_Next PyDict_Next
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/dict.html#c.PyDict_SetItem PyDict_SetItem
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/dict.html#c.PyDict_SetItemString PyDict_SetItemString
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/dict.html#c.PyDict_Size PyDict_Size
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/dict.html#c.PyDict_Type PyDict_Type
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/dict.html#c.PyDict_Update PyDict_Update
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/dict.html#c.PyDict_Values PyDict_Values
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyErr_BadArgument PyErr_BadArgument
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyErr_BadInternalCall PyErr_BadInternalCall
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyErr_CheckSignals PyErr_CheckSignals
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyErr_Clear PyErr_Clear
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyErr_DisplayException PyErr_DisplayException
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyErr_ExceptionMatches PyErr_ExceptionMatches
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyErr_Fetch PyErr_Fetch
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyErr_Format PyErr_Format
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyErr_FormatV PyErr_FormatV
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyErr_GetExcInfo PyErr_GetExcInfo
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyErr_GetHandledException PyErr_GetHandledException
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyErr_GetRaisedException PyErr_GetRaisedException
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyErr_GivenExceptionMatches PyErr_GivenExceptionMatches
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyErr_NewException PyErr_NewException
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyErr_NewExceptionWithDoc PyErr_NewExceptionWithDoc
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyErr_NoMemory PyErr_NoMemory
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyErr_NormalizeException PyErr_NormalizeException
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyErr_Occurred PyErr_Occurred
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyErr_Print PyErr_Print
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyErr_PrintEx PyErr_PrintEx
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyErr_ResourceWarning PyErr_ResourceWarning
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyErr_Restore PyErr_Restore
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyErr_SetExcFromWindowsErr PyErr_SetExcFromWindowsErr
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyErr_SetExcFromWindowsErrWithFilename PyErr_SetExcFromWindowsErrWithFilename
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyErr_SetExcFromWindowsErrWithFilenameObject PyErr_SetExcFromWindowsErrWithFilenameObject
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyErr_SetExcFromWindowsErrWithFilenameObjects PyErr_SetExcFromWindowsErrWithFilenameObjects
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyErr_SetExcInfo PyErr_SetExcInfo
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyErr_SetFromErrno PyErr_SetFromErrno
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyErr_SetFromErrnoWithFilename PyErr_SetFromErrnoWithFilename
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyErr_SetFromErrnoWithFilenameObject PyErr_SetFromErrnoWithFilenameObject
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyErr_SetFromErrnoWithFilenameObjects PyErr_SetFromErrnoWithFilenameObjects
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyErr_SetFromWindowsErr PyErr_SetFromWindowsErr
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyErr_SetFromWindowsErrWithFilename PyErr_SetFromWindowsErrWithFilename
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyErr_SetHandledException PyErr_SetHandledException
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyErr_SetImportError PyErr_SetImportError
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyErr_SetImportErrorSubclass PyErr_SetImportErrorSubclass
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyErr_SetInterrupt PyErr_SetInterrupt
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyErr_SetInterruptEx PyErr_SetInterruptEx
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyErr_SetNone PyErr_SetNone
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyErr_SetObject PyErr_SetObject
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyErr_SetRaisedException PyErr_SetRaisedException
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyErr_SetString PyErr_SetString
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyErr_SyntaxLocation PyErr_SyntaxLocation
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyErr_SyntaxLocationEx PyErr_SyntaxLocationEx
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyErr_WarnEx PyErr_WarnEx
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyErr_WarnExplicit PyErr_WarnExplicit
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyErr_WarnFormat PyErr_WarnFormat
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyErr_WriteUnraisable PyErr_WriteUnraisable
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.PyEval_AcquireThread PyEval_AcquireThread
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/veryhigh.html#c.PyEval_EvalCode PyEval_EvalCode
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/veryhigh.html#c.PyEval_EvalCodeEx PyEval_EvalCodeEx
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/veryhigh.html#c.PyEval_EvalFrame PyEval_EvalFrame
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/veryhigh.html#c.PyEval_EvalFrameEx PyEval_EvalFrameEx
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/reflection.html#c.PyEval_GetBuiltins PyEval_GetBuiltins
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/reflection.html#c.PyEval_GetFrame PyEval_GetFrame
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/reflection.html#c.PyEval_GetFrameBuiltins PyEval_GetFrameBuiltins
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/reflection.html#c.PyEval_GetFrameGlobals PyEval_GetFrameGlobals
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/reflection.html#c.PyEval_GetFrameLocals PyEval_GetFrameLocals
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/reflection.html#c.PyEval_GetFuncDesc PyEval_GetFuncDesc
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/reflection.html#c.PyEval_GetFuncName PyEval_GetFuncName
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/reflection.html#c.PyEval_GetGlobals PyEval_GetGlobals
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/reflection.html#c.PyEval_GetLocals PyEval_GetLocals
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.PyEval_InitThreads PyEval_InitThreads
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.PyEval_ReleaseThread PyEval_ReleaseThread
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.PyEval_RestoreThread PyEval_RestoreThread
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.PyEval_SaveThread PyEval_SaveThread
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyException_GetArgs PyException_GetArgs
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyException_GetCause PyException_GetCause
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyException_GetContext PyException_GetContext
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyException_GetTraceback PyException_GetTraceback
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyException_SetArgs PyException_SetArgs
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyException_SetCause PyException_SetCause
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyException_SetContext PyException_SetContext
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyException_SetTraceback PyException_SetTraceback
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/file.html#c.PyFile_FromFd PyFile_FromFd
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/file.html#c.PyFile_GetLine PyFile_GetLine
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/file.html#c.PyFile_WriteObject PyFile_WriteObject
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/file.html#c.PyFile_WriteString PyFile_WriteString
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/float.html#c.PyFloat_AsDouble PyFloat_AsDouble
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/float.html#c.PyFloat_FromDouble PyFloat_FromDouble
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/float.html#c.PyFloat_FromString PyFloat_FromString
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/float.html#c.PyFloat_GetInfo PyFloat_GetInfo
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/float.html#c.PyFloat_GetMax PyFloat_GetMax
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/float.html#c.PyFloat_GetMin PyFloat_GetMin
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/float.html#c.PyFloat_Type PyFloat_Type
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/frame.html#c.PyFrameObject PyFrameObject
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/frame.html#c.PyFrame_GetCode PyFrame_GetCode
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/frame.html#c.PyFrame_GetLineNumber PyFrame_GetLineNumber
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/set.html#c.PyFrozenSet_New PyFrozenSet_New
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/set.html#c.PyFrozenSet_Type PyFrozenSet_Type
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/gcsupport.html#c.PyGC_Collect PyGC_Collect
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/gcsupport.html#c.PyGC_Disable PyGC_Disable
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/gcsupport.html#c.PyGC_Enable PyGC_Enable
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/gcsupport.html#c.PyGC_IsEnabled PyGC_IsEnabled
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.PyGILState_Ensure PyGILState_Ensure
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.PyGILState_GetThisThreadState PyGILState_GetThisThreadState
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.PyGILState_Release PyGILState_Release
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/structures.html#c.PyGetSetDef PyGetSetDef
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/import.html#c.PyImport_AddModule PyImport_AddModule
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/import.html#c.PyImport_AddModuleObject PyImport_AddModuleObject
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/import.html#c.PyImport_AddModuleRef PyImport_AddModuleRef
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/import.html#c.PyImport_AppendInittab PyImport_AppendInittab
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/import.html#c.PyImport_ExecCodeModule PyImport_ExecCodeModule
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/import.html#c.PyImport_ExecCodeModuleEx PyImport_ExecCodeModuleEx
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/import.html#c.PyImport_ExecCodeModuleObject PyImport_ExecCodeModuleObject
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/import.html#c.PyImport_ExecCodeModuleWithPathnames PyImport_ExecCodeModuleWithPathnames
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/import.html#c.PyImport_GetImporter PyImport_GetImporter
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/import.html#c.PyImport_GetMagicNumber PyImport_GetMagicNumber
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/import.html#c.PyImport_GetMagicTag PyImport_GetMagicTag
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/import.html#c.PyImport_GetModule PyImport_GetModule
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/import.html#c.PyImport_GetModuleDict PyImport_GetModuleDict
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/import.html#c.PyImport_Import PyImport_Import
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/import.html#c.PyImport_ImportFrozenModule PyImport_ImportFrozenModule
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/import.html#c.PyImport_ImportFrozenModuleObject PyImport_ImportFrozenModuleObject
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/import.html#c.PyImport_ImportModule PyImport_ImportModule
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/import.html#c.PyImport_ImportModuleLevel PyImport_ImportModuleLevel
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/import.html#c.PyImport_ImportModuleLevelObject PyImport_ImportModuleLevelObject
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/import.html#c.PyImport_ImportModuleNoBlock PyImport_ImportModuleNoBlock
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/import.html#c.PyImport_ReloadModule PyImport_ReloadModule
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/number.html#c.PyIndex_Check PyIndex_Check
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.PyInterpreterState PyInterpreterState
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.PyInterpreterState_Clear PyInterpreterState_Clear
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.PyInterpreterState_Delete PyInterpreterState_Delete
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.PyInterpreterState_Get PyInterpreterState_Get
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.PyInterpreterState_GetDict PyInterpreterState_GetDict
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.PyInterpreterState_GetID PyInterpreterState_GetID
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.PyInterpreterState_New PyInterpreterState_New
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/iter.html#c.PyIter_Check PyIter_Check
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/iter.html#c.PyIter_Next PyIter_Next
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/iter.html#c.PyIter_Send PyIter_Send
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/list.html#c.PyList_Append PyList_Append
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/list.html#c.PyList_AsTuple PyList_AsTuple
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/list.html#c.PyList_GetItem PyList_GetItem
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/list.html#c.PyList_GetItemRef PyList_GetItemRef
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/list.html#c.PyList_GetSlice PyList_GetSlice
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/list.html#c.PyList_Insert PyList_Insert
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/list.html#c.PyList_New PyList_New
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/list.html#c.PyList_Reverse PyList_Reverse
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/list.html#c.PyList_SetItem PyList_SetItem
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/list.html#c.PyList_SetSlice PyList_SetSlice
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/list.html#c.PyList_Size PyList_Size
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/list.html#c.PyList_Sort PyList_Sort
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/list.html#c.PyList_Type PyList_Type
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/long.html#c.PyLongObject PyLongObject
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/long.html#c.PyLong_AsInt PyLong_AsInt
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/long.html#c.PyLong_AsLong PyLong_AsLong
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/long.html#c.PyLong_AsLongAndOverflow PyLong_AsLongAndOverflow
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/long.html#c.PyLong_AsLongLong PyLong_AsLongLong
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/long.html#c.PyLong_AsLongLongAndOverflow PyLong_AsLongLongAndOverflow
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/long.html#c.PyLong_AsSize_t PyLong_AsSize_t
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/long.html#c.PyLong_AsSsize_t PyLong_AsSsize_t
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/long.html#c.PyLong_AsUnsignedLong PyLong_AsUnsignedLong
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/long.html#c.PyLong_AsUnsignedLongLong PyLong_AsUnsignedLongLong
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/long.html#c.PyLong_AsUnsignedLongLongMask PyLong_AsUnsignedLongLongMask
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/long.html#c.PyLong_AsUnsignedLongMask PyLong_AsUnsignedLongMask
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/long.html#c.PyLong_AsVoidPtr PyLong_AsVoidPtr
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/long.html#c.PyLong_FromDouble PyLong_FromDouble
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/long.html#c.PyLong_FromLong PyLong_FromLong
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/long.html#c.PyLong_FromLongLong PyLong_FromLongLong
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/long.html#c.PyLong_FromSize_t PyLong_FromSize_t
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/long.html#c.PyLong_FromSsize_t PyLong_FromSsize_t
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/long.html#c.PyLong_FromString PyLong_FromString
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/long.html#c.PyLong_FromUnsignedLong PyLong_FromUnsignedLong
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/long.html#c.PyLong_FromUnsignedLongLong PyLong_FromUnsignedLongLong
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/long.html#c.PyLong_FromVoidPtr PyLong_FromVoidPtr
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/long.html#c.PyLong_GetInfo PyLong_GetInfo
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/long.html#c.PyLong_Type PyLong_Type
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/mapping.html#c.PyMapping_Check PyMapping_Check
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/mapping.html#c.PyMapping_GetItemString PyMapping_GetItemString
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/mapping.html#c.PyMapping_GetOptionalItem PyMapping_GetOptionalItem
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/mapping.html#c.PyMapping_GetOptionalItemString PyMapping_GetOptionalItemString
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/mapping.html#c.PyMapping_HasKey PyMapping_HasKey
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/mapping.html#c.PyMapping_HasKeyString PyMapping_HasKeyString
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/mapping.html#c.PyMapping_HasKeyStringWithError PyMapping_HasKeyStringWithError
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/mapping.html#c.PyMapping_HasKeyWithError PyMapping_HasKeyWithError
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/mapping.html#c.PyMapping_Items PyMapping_Items
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/mapping.html#c.PyMapping_Keys PyMapping_Keys
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/mapping.html#c.PyMapping_Length PyMapping_Length
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/mapping.html#c.PyMapping_SetItemString PyMapping_SetItemString
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/mapping.html#c.PyMapping_Size PyMapping_Size
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/mapping.html#c.PyMapping_Values PyMapping_Values
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/memory.html#c.PyMem_Calloc PyMem_Calloc
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/memory.html#c.PyMem_Free PyMem_Free
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/memory.html#c.PyMem_Malloc PyMem_Malloc
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/memory.html#c.PyMem_RawCalloc PyMem_RawCalloc
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/memory.html#c.PyMem_RawFree PyMem_RawFree
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/memory.html#c.PyMem_RawMalloc PyMem_RawMalloc
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/memory.html#c.PyMem_RawRealloc PyMem_RawRealloc
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/memory.html#c.PyMem_Realloc PyMem_Realloc
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/structures.html#c.PyMemberDef PyMemberDef
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/structures.html#c.PyMember_GetOne PyMember_GetOne
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/structures.html#c.PyMember_SetOne PyMember_SetOne
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/memoryview.html#c.PyMemoryView_FromBuffer PyMemoryView_FromBuffer
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/memoryview.html#c.PyMemoryView_FromMemory PyMemoryView_FromMemory
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/memoryview.html#c.PyMemoryView_FromObject PyMemoryView_FromObject
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/memoryview.html#c.PyMemoryView_GetContiguous PyMemoryView_GetContiguous
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/structures.html#c.PyMethodDef PyMethodDef
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/module.html#c.PyModuleDef PyModuleDef
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/module.html#c.PyModuleDef_Init PyModuleDef_Init
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/module.html#c.PyModule_Add PyModule_Add
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/module.html#c.PyModule_AddFunctions PyModule_AddFunctions
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/module.html#c.PyModule_AddIntConstant PyModule_AddIntConstant
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/module.html#c.PyModule_AddObject PyModule_AddObject
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/module.html#c.PyModule_AddObjectRef PyModule_AddObjectRef
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/module.html#c.PyModule_AddStringConstant PyModule_AddStringConstant
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/module.html#c.PyModule_AddType PyModule_AddType
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/module.html#c.PyModule_Create2 PyModule_Create2
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/module.html#c.PyModule_ExecDef PyModule_ExecDef
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/module.html#c.PyModule_FromDefAndSpec2 PyModule_FromDefAndSpec2
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/module.html#c.PyModule_GetDef PyModule_GetDef
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/module.html#c.PyModule_GetDict PyModule_GetDict
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/module.html#c.PyModule_GetFilename PyModule_GetFilename
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/module.html#c.PyModule_GetFilenameObject PyModule_GetFilenameObject
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/module.html#c.PyModule_GetName PyModule_GetName
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/module.html#c.PyModule_GetNameObject PyModule_GetNameObject
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/module.html#c.PyModule_GetState PyModule_GetState
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/module.html#c.PyModule_New PyModule_New
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/module.html#c.PyModule_NewObject PyModule_NewObject
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/module.html#c.PyModule_SetDocString PyModule_SetDocString
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/module.html#c.PyModule_Type PyModule_Type
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/number.html#c.PyNumber_Absolute PyNumber_Absolute
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/number.html#c.PyNumber_Add PyNumber_Add
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/number.html#c.PyNumber_And PyNumber_And
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/number.html#c.PyNumber_AsSsize_t PyNumber_AsSsize_t
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/number.html#c.PyNumber_Check PyNumber_Check
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/number.html#c.PyNumber_Divmod PyNumber_Divmod
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/number.html#c.PyNumber_Float PyNumber_Float
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/number.html#c.PyNumber_FloorDivide PyNumber_FloorDivide
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/number.html#c.PyNumber_InPlaceAdd PyNumber_InPlaceAdd
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/number.html#c.PyNumber_InPlaceAnd PyNumber_InPlaceAnd
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/number.html#c.PyNumber_InPlaceFloorDivide PyNumber_InPlaceFloorDivide
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/number.html#c.PyNumber_InPlaceLshift PyNumber_InPlaceLshift
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/number.html#c.PyNumber_InPlaceMatrixMultiply PyNumber_InPlaceMatrixMultiply
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/number.html#c.PyNumber_InPlaceMultiply PyNumber_InPlaceMultiply
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/number.html#c.PyNumber_InPlaceOr PyNumber_InPlaceOr
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/number.html#c.PyNumber_InPlacePower PyNumber_InPlacePower
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/number.html#c.PyNumber_InPlaceRemainder PyNumber_InPlaceRemainder
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/number.html#c.PyNumber_InPlaceRshift PyNumber_InPlaceRshift
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/number.html#c.PyNumber_InPlaceSubtract PyNumber_InPlaceSubtract
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/number.html#c.PyNumber_InPlaceTrueDivide PyNumber_InPlaceTrueDivide
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/number.html#c.PyNumber_InPlaceXor PyNumber_InPlaceXor
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/number.html#c.PyNumber_Index PyNumber_Index
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/number.html#c.PyNumber_Invert PyNumber_Invert
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/number.html#c.PyNumber_Long PyNumber_Long
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/number.html#c.PyNumber_Lshift PyNumber_Lshift
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/number.html#c.PyNumber_MatrixMultiply PyNumber_MatrixMultiply
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/number.html#c.PyNumber_Multiply PyNumber_Multiply
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/number.html#c.PyNumber_Negative PyNumber_Negative
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/number.html#c.PyNumber_Or PyNumber_Or
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/number.html#c.PyNumber_Positive PyNumber_Positive
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/number.html#c.PyNumber_Power PyNumber_Power
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/number.html#c.PyNumber_Remainder PyNumber_Remainder
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/number.html#c.PyNumber_Rshift PyNumber_Rshift
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/number.html#c.PyNumber_Subtract PyNumber_Subtract
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/number.html#c.PyNumber_ToBase PyNumber_ToBase
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/number.html#c.PyNumber_TrueDivide PyNumber_TrueDivide
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/number.html#c.PyNumber_Xor PyNumber_Xor
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/sys.html#c.PyOS_AfterFork PyOS_AfterFork
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/sys.html#c.PyOS_AfterFork_Child PyOS_AfterFork_Child
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/sys.html#c.PyOS_AfterFork_Parent PyOS_AfterFork_Parent
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/sys.html#c.PyOS_BeforeFork PyOS_BeforeFork
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/sys.html#c.PyOS_CheckStack PyOS_CheckStack
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/sys.html#c.PyOS_FSPath PyOS_FSPath
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/veryhigh.html#c.PyOS_InputHook PyOS_InputHook
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/conversion.html#c.PyOS_double_to_string PyOS_double_to_string
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/sys.html#c.PyOS_getsig PyOS_getsig
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/sys.html#c.PyOS_setsig PyOS_setsig
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/sys.html#c.PyOS_sighandler_t PyOS_sighandler_t
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/conversion.html#c.PyOS_snprintf PyOS_snprintf
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/conversion.html#c.PyOS_string_to_double PyOS_string_to_double
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/conversion.html#c.PyOS_strtol PyOS_strtol
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/conversion.html#c.PyOS_strtoul PyOS_strtoul
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/conversion.html#c.PyOS_vsnprintf PyOS_vsnprintf
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/structures.html#c.PyObject PyObject
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/typeobj.html#c.PyObject.ob_refcnt PyObject.ob_refcnt
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/typeobj.html#c.PyObject.ob_type PyObject.ob_type
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/object.html#c.PyObject_ASCII PyObject_ASCII
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/file.html#c.PyObject_AsFileDescriptor PyObject_AsFileDescriptor
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/object.html#c.PyObject_Bytes PyObject_Bytes
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/call.html#c.PyObject_Call PyObject_Call
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/call.html#c.PyObject_CallFunction PyObject_CallFunction
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/call.html#c.PyObject_CallFunctionObjArgs PyObject_CallFunctionObjArgs
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/call.html#c.PyObject_CallMethod PyObject_CallMethod
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/call.html#c.PyObject_CallMethodObjArgs PyObject_CallMethodObjArgs
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/call.html#c.PyObject_CallNoArgs PyObject_CallNoArgs
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/call.html#c.PyObject_CallObject PyObject_CallObject
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/memory.html#c.PyObject_Calloc PyObject_Calloc
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/buffer.html#c.PyObject_CheckBuffer PyObject_CheckBuffer
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/weakref.html#c.PyObject_ClearWeakRefs PyObject_ClearWeakRefs
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/buffer.html#c.PyObject_CopyData PyObject_CopyData
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/object.html#c.PyObject_DelAttr PyObject_DelAttr
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/object.html#c.PyObject_DelAttrString PyObject_DelAttrString
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/object.html#c.PyObject_DelItem PyObject_DelItem
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/object.html#c.PyObject_Dir PyObject_Dir
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/object.html#c.PyObject_Format PyObject_Format
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/memory.html#c.PyObject_Free PyObject_Free
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/gcsupport.html#c.PyObject_GC_Del PyObject_GC_Del
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/gcsupport.html#c.PyObject_GC_IsFinalized PyObject_GC_IsFinalized
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/gcsupport.html#c.PyObject_GC_IsTracked PyObject_GC_IsTracked
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/gcsupport.html#c.PyObject_GC_Track PyObject_GC_Track
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/gcsupport.html#c.PyObject_GC_UnTrack PyObject_GC_UnTrack
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/object.html#c.PyObject_GenericGetAttr PyObject_GenericGetAttr
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/object.html#c.PyObject_GenericGetDict PyObject_GenericGetDict
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/object.html#c.PyObject_GenericSetAttr PyObject_GenericSetAttr
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/object.html#c.PyObject_GenericSetDict PyObject_GenericSetDict
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/object.html#c.PyObject_GetAIter PyObject_GetAIter
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/object.html#c.PyObject_GetAttr PyObject_GetAttr
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/object.html#c.PyObject_GetAttrString PyObject_GetAttrString
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/buffer.html#c.PyObject_GetBuffer PyObject_GetBuffer
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/object.html#c.PyObject_GetItem PyObject_GetItem
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/object.html#c.PyObject_GetIter PyObject_GetIter
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/object.html#c.PyObject_GetOptionalAttr PyObject_GetOptionalAttr
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/object.html#c.PyObject_GetOptionalAttrString PyObject_GetOptionalAttrString
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/object.html#c.PyObject_GetTypeData PyObject_GetTypeData
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/object.html#c.PyObject_HasAttr PyObject_HasAttr
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/object.html#c.PyObject_HasAttrString PyObject_HasAttrString
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/object.html#c.PyObject_HasAttrStringWithError PyObject_HasAttrStringWithError
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/object.html#c.PyObject_HasAttrWithError PyObject_HasAttrWithError
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/object.html#c.PyObject_Hash PyObject_Hash
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/object.html#c.PyObject_HashNotImplemented PyObject_HashNotImplemented
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/allocation.html#c.PyObject_Init PyObject_Init
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/allocation.html#c.PyObject_InitVar PyObject_InitVar
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/object.html#c.PyObject_IsInstance PyObject_IsInstance
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/object.html#c.PyObject_IsSubclass PyObject_IsSubclass
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/object.html#c.PyObject_IsTrue PyObject_IsTrue
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/object.html#c.PyObject_Length PyObject_Length
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/memory.html#c.PyObject_Malloc PyObject_Malloc
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/object.html#c.PyObject_Not PyObject_Not
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/memory.html#c.PyObject_Realloc PyObject_Realloc
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/object.html#c.PyObject_Repr PyObject_Repr
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/object.html#c.PyObject_RichCompare PyObject_RichCompare
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/object.html#c.PyObject_RichCompareBool PyObject_RichCompareBool
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/object.html#c.PyObject_SetAttr PyObject_SetAttr
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/object.html#c.PyObject_SetAttrString PyObject_SetAttrString
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/object.html#c.PyObject_SetItem PyObject_SetItem
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/object.html#c.PyObject_Size PyObject_Size
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/object.html#c.PyObject_Str PyObject_Str
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/object.html#c.PyObject_Type PyObject_Type
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/call.html#c.PyObject_Vectorcall PyObject_Vectorcall
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/call.html#c.PyObject_VectorcallMethod PyObject_VectorcallMethod
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/descriptor.html#c.PyProperty_Type PyProperty_Type
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/iterator.html#c.PySeqIter_New PySeqIter_New
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/iterator.html#c.PySeqIter_Type PySeqIter_Type
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/sequence.html#c.PySequence_Check PySequence_Check
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/sequence.html#c.PySequence_Concat PySequence_Concat
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/sequence.html#c.PySequence_Contains PySequence_Contains
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/sequence.html#c.PySequence_Count PySequence_Count
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/sequence.html#c.PySequence_DelItem PySequence_DelItem
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/sequence.html#c.PySequence_DelSlice PySequence_DelSlice
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/sequence.html#c.PySequence_Fast PySequence_Fast
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/sequence.html#c.PySequence_GetItem PySequence_GetItem
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/sequence.html#c.PySequence_GetSlice PySequence_GetSlice
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/sequence.html#c.PySequence_InPlaceConcat PySequence_InPlaceConcat
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/sequence.html#c.PySequence_InPlaceRepeat PySequence_InPlaceRepeat
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/sequence.html#c.PySequence_Index PySequence_Index
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/sequence.html#c.PySequence_Length PySequence_Length
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/sequence.html#c.PySequence_List PySequence_List
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/sequence.html#c.PySequence_Repeat PySequence_Repeat
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/sequence.html#c.PySequence_SetItem PySequence_SetItem
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/sequence.html#c.PySequence_SetSlice PySequence_SetSlice
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/sequence.html#c.PySequence_Size PySequence_Size
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/sequence.html#c.PySequence_Tuple PySequence_Tuple
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/set.html#c.PySet_Add PySet_Add
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/set.html#c.PySet_Clear PySet_Clear
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/set.html#c.PySet_Contains PySet_Contains
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/set.html#c.PySet_Discard PySet_Discard
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/set.html#c.PySet_New PySet_New
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/set.html#c.PySet_Pop PySet_Pop
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/set.html#c.PySet_Size PySet_Size
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/set.html#c.PySet_Type PySet_Type
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/slice.html#c.PySlice_AdjustIndices PySlice_AdjustIndices
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/slice.html#c.PySlice_GetIndices PySlice_GetIndices
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/slice.html#c.PySlice_GetIndicesEx PySlice_GetIndicesEx
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/slice.html#c.PySlice_New PySlice_New
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/slice.html#c.PySlice_Type PySlice_Type
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/slice.html#c.PySlice_Unpack PySlice_Unpack
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/module.html#c.PyState_AddModule PyState_AddModule
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/module.html#c.PyState_FindModule PyState_FindModule
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/module.html#c.PyState_RemoveModule PyState_RemoveModule
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/tuple.html#c.PyStructSequence_Desc PyStructSequence_Desc
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/tuple.html#c.PyStructSequence_Field PyStructSequence_Field
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/tuple.html#c.PyStructSequence_GetItem PyStructSequence_GetItem
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/tuple.html#c.PyStructSequence_New PyStructSequence_New
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/tuple.html#c.PyStructSequence_NewType PyStructSequence_NewType
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/tuple.html#c.PyStructSequence_SetItem PyStructSequence_SetItem
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/tuple.html#c.PyStructSequence_UnnamedField PyStructSequence_UnnamedField
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/sys.html#c.PySys_Audit PySys_Audit
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/sys.html#c.PySys_AuditTuple PySys_AuditTuple
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/sys.html#c.PySys_FormatStderr PySys_FormatStderr
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/sys.html#c.PySys_FormatStdout PySys_FormatStdout
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/sys.html#c.PySys_GetObject PySys_GetObject
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/sys.html#c.PySys_GetXOptions PySys_GetXOptions
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/sys.html#c.PySys_ResetWarnOptions PySys_ResetWarnOptions
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.PySys_SetArgv PySys_SetArgv
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.PySys_SetArgvEx PySys_SetArgvEx
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/sys.html#c.PySys_SetObject PySys_SetObject
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/sys.html#c.PySys_WriteStderr PySys_WriteStderr
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/sys.html#c.PySys_WriteStdout PySys_WriteStdout
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.PyThreadState PyThreadState
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.PyThreadState_Clear PyThreadState_Clear
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.PyThreadState_Delete PyThreadState_Delete
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.PyThreadState_Get PyThreadState_Get
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.PyThreadState_GetDict PyThreadState_GetDict
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.PyThreadState_GetFrame PyThreadState_GetFrame
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.PyThreadState_GetID PyThreadState_GetID
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.PyThreadState_GetInterpreter PyThreadState_GetInterpreter
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.PyThreadState_New PyThreadState_New
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.PyThreadState_SetAsyncExc PyThreadState_SetAsyncExc
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.PyThreadState_Swap PyThreadState_Swap
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.PyThread_ReInitTLS PyThread_ReInitTLS
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.PyThread_create_key PyThread_create_key
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.PyThread_delete_key PyThread_delete_key
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.PyThread_delete_key_value PyThread_delete_key_value
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.PyThread_get_key_value PyThread_get_key_value
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.PyThread_set_key_value PyThread_set_key_value
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.PyThread_tss_alloc PyThread_tss_alloc
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.PyThread_tss_create PyThread_tss_create
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.PyThread_tss_delete PyThread_tss_delete
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.PyThread_tss_free PyThread_tss_free
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.PyThread_tss_get PyThread_tss_get
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.PyThread_tss_is_created PyThread_tss_is_created
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.PyThread_tss_set PyThread_tss_set
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/tuple.html#c.PyTuple_GetItem PyTuple_GetItem
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/tuple.html#c.PyTuple_GetSlice PyTuple_GetSlice
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/tuple.html#c.PyTuple_New PyTuple_New
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/tuple.html#c.PyTuple_Pack PyTuple_Pack
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/tuple.html#c.PyTuple_SetItem PyTuple_SetItem
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/tuple.html#c.PyTuple_Size PyTuple_Size
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/tuple.html#c.PyTuple_Type PyTuple_Type
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/type.html#c.PyTypeObject PyTypeObject
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/type.html#c.PyType_ClearCache PyType_ClearCache
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/type.html#c.PyType_FromMetaclass PyType_FromMetaclass
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/type.html#c.PyType_FromModuleAndSpec PyType_FromModuleAndSpec
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/type.html#c.PyType_FromSpec PyType_FromSpec
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/type.html#c.PyType_FromSpecWithBases PyType_FromSpecWithBases
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/type.html#c.PyType_GenericAlloc PyType_GenericAlloc
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/type.html#c.PyType_GenericNew PyType_GenericNew
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/type.html#c.PyType_GetFlags PyType_GetFlags
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/type.html#c.PyType_GetFullyQualifiedName PyType_GetFullyQualifiedName
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/type.html#c.PyType_GetModule PyType_GetModule
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/type.html#c.PyType_GetModuleByDef PyType_GetModuleByDef
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/type.html#c.PyType_GetModuleName PyType_GetModuleName
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/type.html#c.PyType_GetModuleState PyType_GetModuleState
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/type.html#c.PyType_GetName PyType_GetName
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/type.html#c.PyType_GetQualName PyType_GetQualName
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/type.html#c.PyType_GetSlot PyType_GetSlot
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/object.html#c.PyType_GetTypeDataSize PyType_GetTypeDataSize
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/type.html#c.PyType_IsSubtype PyType_IsSubtype
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/type.html#c.PyType_Modified PyType_Modified
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/type.html#c.PyType_Ready PyType_Ready
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/type.html#c.PyType_Slot PyType_Slot
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/type.html#c.PyType_Spec PyType_Spec
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/type.html#c.PyType_Type PyType_Type
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyUnicodeDecodeError_Create PyUnicodeDecodeError_Create
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyUnicodeDecodeError_GetEncoding PyUnicodeDecodeError_GetEncoding
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyUnicodeDecodeError_GetEnd PyUnicodeDecodeError_GetEnd
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyUnicodeDecodeError_GetObject PyUnicodeDecodeError_GetObject
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyUnicodeDecodeError_GetReason PyUnicodeDecodeError_GetReason
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyUnicodeDecodeError_GetStart PyUnicodeDecodeError_GetStart
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyUnicodeDecodeError_SetEnd PyUnicodeDecodeError_SetEnd
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyUnicodeDecodeError_SetReason PyUnicodeDecodeError_SetReason
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyUnicodeDecodeError_SetStart PyUnicodeDecodeError_SetStart
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyUnicodeEncodeError_GetEncoding PyUnicodeEncodeError_GetEncoding
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyUnicodeEncodeError_GetEnd PyUnicodeEncodeError_GetEnd
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyUnicodeEncodeError_GetObject PyUnicodeEncodeError_GetObject
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyUnicodeEncodeError_GetReason PyUnicodeEncodeError_GetReason
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyUnicodeEncodeError_GetStart PyUnicodeEncodeError_GetStart
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyUnicodeEncodeError_SetEnd PyUnicodeEncodeError_SetEnd
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyUnicodeEncodeError_SetReason PyUnicodeEncodeError_SetReason
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyUnicodeEncodeError_SetStart PyUnicodeEncodeError_SetStart
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyUnicodeTranslateError_GetEnd PyUnicodeTranslateError_GetEnd
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyUnicodeTranslateError_GetObject PyUnicodeTranslateError_GetObject
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyUnicodeTranslateError_GetReason PyUnicodeTranslateError_GetReason
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyUnicodeTranslateError_GetStart PyUnicodeTranslateError_GetStart
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyUnicodeTranslateError_SetEnd PyUnicodeTranslateError_SetEnd
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyUnicodeTranslateError_SetReason PyUnicodeTranslateError_SetReason
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.PyUnicodeTranslateError_SetStart PyUnicodeTranslateError_SetStart
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_AsASCIIString PyUnicode_AsASCIIString
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_AsCharmapString PyUnicode_AsCharmapString
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_AsLatin1String PyUnicode_AsLatin1String
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_AsMBCSString PyUnicode_AsMBCSString
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_AsRawUnicodeEscapeString PyUnicode_AsRawUnicodeEscapeString
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_AsUCS4 PyUnicode_AsUCS4
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_AsUCS4Copy PyUnicode_AsUCS4Copy
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_AsUTF16String PyUnicode_AsUTF16String
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_AsUTF32String PyUnicode_AsUTF32String
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_AsUTF8AndSize PyUnicode_AsUTF8AndSize
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_AsUTF8String PyUnicode_AsUTF8String
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_AsUnicodeEscapeString PyUnicode_AsUnicodeEscapeString
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_AsWideChar PyUnicode_AsWideChar
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_AsWideCharString PyUnicode_AsWideCharString
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_Compare PyUnicode_Compare
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_CompareWithASCIIString PyUnicode_CompareWithASCIIString
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_Concat PyUnicode_Concat
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_Contains PyUnicode_Contains
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_Count PyUnicode_Count
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_Decode PyUnicode_Decode
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_DecodeASCII PyUnicode_DecodeASCII
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_DecodeCharmap PyUnicode_DecodeCharmap
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_DecodeFSDefault PyUnicode_DecodeFSDefault
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_DecodeFSDefaultAndSize PyUnicode_DecodeFSDefaultAndSize
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_DecodeLatin1 PyUnicode_DecodeLatin1
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_DecodeLocale PyUnicode_DecodeLocale
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_DecodeLocaleAndSize PyUnicode_DecodeLocaleAndSize
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_DecodeMBCS PyUnicode_DecodeMBCS
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_DecodeMBCSStateful PyUnicode_DecodeMBCSStateful
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_DecodeRawUnicodeEscape PyUnicode_DecodeRawUnicodeEscape
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_DecodeUTF16 PyUnicode_DecodeUTF16
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_DecodeUTF16Stateful PyUnicode_DecodeUTF16Stateful
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_DecodeUTF32 PyUnicode_DecodeUTF32
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_DecodeUTF32Stateful PyUnicode_DecodeUTF32Stateful
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_DecodeUTF7 PyUnicode_DecodeUTF7
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_DecodeUTF7Stateful PyUnicode_DecodeUTF7Stateful
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_DecodeUTF8 PyUnicode_DecodeUTF8
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_DecodeUTF8Stateful PyUnicode_DecodeUTF8Stateful
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_DecodeUnicodeEscape PyUnicode_DecodeUnicodeEscape
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_EncodeCodePage PyUnicode_EncodeCodePage
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_EncodeFSDefault PyUnicode_EncodeFSDefault
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_EncodeLocale PyUnicode_EncodeLocale
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_EqualToUTF8 PyUnicode_EqualToUTF8
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_EqualToUTF8AndSize PyUnicode_EqualToUTF8AndSize
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_FSConverter PyUnicode_FSConverter
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_FSDecoder PyUnicode_FSDecoder
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_Find PyUnicode_Find
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_FindChar PyUnicode_FindChar
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_Format PyUnicode_Format
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_FromEncodedObject PyUnicode_FromEncodedObject
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_FromFormat PyUnicode_FromFormat
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_FromFormatV PyUnicode_FromFormatV
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_FromObject PyUnicode_FromObject
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_FromString PyUnicode_FromString
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_FromStringAndSize PyUnicode_FromStringAndSize
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_FromWideChar PyUnicode_FromWideChar
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_GetLength PyUnicode_GetLength
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_InternFromString PyUnicode_InternFromString
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_InternInPlace PyUnicode_InternInPlace
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_IsIdentifier PyUnicode_IsIdentifier
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_Join PyUnicode_Join
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_ReadChar PyUnicode_ReadChar
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_Replace PyUnicode_Replace
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_RichCompare PyUnicode_RichCompare
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_Split PyUnicode_Split
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_Splitlines PyUnicode_Splitlines
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_Substring PyUnicode_Substring
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_Tailmatch PyUnicode_Tailmatch
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_Translate PyUnicode_Translate
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_Type PyUnicode_Type
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.PyUnicode_WriteChar PyUnicode_WriteChar
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/structures.html#c.PyVarObject PyVarObject
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/typeobj.html#c.PyVarObject.ob_size PyVarObject.ob_size
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/call.html#c.PyVectorcall_Call PyVectorcall_Call
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/call.html#c.PyVectorcall_NARGS PyVectorcall_NARGS
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/weakref.html#c.PyWeakref_GetObject PyWeakref_GetObject
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/weakref.html#c.PyWeakref_GetRef PyWeakref_GetRef
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/weakref.html#c.PyWeakref_NewProxy PyWeakref_NewProxy
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/weakref.html#c.PyWeakref_NewRef PyWeakref_NewRef
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/descriptor.html#c.PyWrapper_New PyWrapper_New
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.Py_AddPendingCall Py_AddPendingCall
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/sys.html#c.Py_AtExit Py_AtExit
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.Py_BEGIN_ALLOW_THREADS Py_BEGIN_ALLOW_THREADS
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.Py_BLOCK_THREADS Py_BLOCK_THREADS
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/arg.html#c.Py_BuildValue Py_BuildValue
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.Py_BytesMain Py_BytesMain
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/veryhigh.html#c.Py_CompileString Py_CompileString
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/refcounting.html#c.Py_DecRef Py_DecRef
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/sys.html#c.Py_DecodeLocale Py_DecodeLocale
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.Py_END_ALLOW_THREADS Py_END_ALLOW_THREADS
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/sys.html#c.Py_EncodeLocale Py_EncodeLocale
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.Py_EndInterpreter Py_EndInterpreter
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.Py_EnterRecursiveCall Py_EnterRecursiveCall
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/sys.html#c.Py_Exit Py_Exit
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/sys.html#c.Py_FatalError Py_FatalError
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.Py_Finalize Py_Finalize
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.Py_FinalizeEx Py_FinalizeEx
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/typehints.html#c.Py_GenericAlias Py_GenericAlias
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/typehints.html#c.Py_GenericAliasType Py_GenericAliasType
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.Py_GetBuildInfo Py_GetBuildInfo
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.Py_GetCompiler Py_GetCompiler
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/object.html#c.Py_GetConstant Py_GetConstant
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/object.html#c.Py_GetConstantBorrowed Py_GetConstantBorrowed
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.Py_GetCopyright Py_GetCopyright
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.Py_GetExecPrefix Py_GetExecPrefix
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.Py_GetPath Py_GetPath
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.Py_GetPlatform Py_GetPlatform
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.Py_GetPrefix Py_GetPrefix
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.Py_GetProgramFullPath Py_GetProgramFullPath
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.Py_GetProgramName Py_GetProgramName
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.Py_GetPythonHome Py_GetPythonHome
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.Py_GetVersion Py_GetVersion
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/refcounting.html#c.Py_IncRef Py_IncRef
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.Py_Initialize Py_Initialize
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.Py_InitializeEx Py_InitializeEx
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/structures.html#c.Py_Is Py_Is
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/structures.html#c.Py_IsFalse Py_IsFalse
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.Py_IsFinalizing Py_IsFinalizing
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.Py_IsInitialized Py_IsInitialized
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/structures.html#c.Py_IsNone Py_IsNone
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/structures.html#c.Py_IsTrue Py_IsTrue
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.Py_LeaveRecursiveCall Py_LeaveRecursiveCall
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.Py_Main Py_Main
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.Py_NewInterpreter Py_NewInterpreter
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/refcounting.html#c.Py_NewRef Py_NewRef
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.Py_ReprEnter Py_ReprEnter
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/exceptions.html#c.Py_ReprLeave Py_ReprLeave
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.Py_SetProgramName Py_SetProgramName
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.Py_SetPythonHome Py_SetPythonHome
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/unicode.html#c.Py_UCS4 Py_UCS4
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/init.html#c.Py_UNBLOCK_THREADS Py_UNBLOCK_THREADS
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/arg.html#c.Py_VaBuildValue Py_VaBuildValue
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/apiabiversion.html#c.Py_Version Py_Version
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/refcounting.html#c.Py_XNewRef Py_XNewRef
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/buffer.html#c.Py_buffer Py_buffer
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/intro.html#c.Py_ssize_t Py_ssize_t
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/typeobj.html#c.allocfunc allocfunc
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/typeobj.html#c.binaryfunc binaryfunc
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/typeobj.html#c.descrgetfunc descrgetfunc
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/typeobj.html#c.descrsetfunc descrsetfunc
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/typeobj.html#c.destructor destructor
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/typeobj.html#c.getattrfunc getattrfunc
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/typeobj.html#c.getattrofunc getattrofunc
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/typeobj.html#c.getbufferproc getbufferproc
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/typeobj.html#c.getiterfunc getiterfunc
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/structures.html#c.getter getter
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/typeobj.html#c.hashfunc hashfunc
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/typeobj.html#c.initproc initproc
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/gcsupport.html#c.inquiry inquiry
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/typeobj.html#c.iternextfunc iternextfunc
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/typeobj.html#c.lenfunc lenfunc
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/typeobj.html#c.newfunc newfunc
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/typeobj.html#c.objobjargproc objobjargproc
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/typeobj.html#c.objobjproc objobjproc
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/typeobj.html#c.releasebufferproc releasebufferproc
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/typeobj.html#c.reprfunc reprfunc
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/typeobj.html#c.richcmpfunc richcmpfunc
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/typeobj.html#c.setattrfunc setattrfunc
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/typeobj.html#c.setattrofunc setattrofunc
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/structures.html#c.setter setter
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/typeobj.html#c.ssizeargfunc ssizeargfunc
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/typeobj.html#c.ssizeobjargproc ssizeobjargproc
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/typeobj.html#c.ternaryfunc ternaryfunc
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/gcsupport.html#c.traverseproc traverseproc
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/typeobj.html#c.unaryfunc unaryfunc
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/call.html#c.vectorcallfunc vectorcallfunc
https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/gcsupport.html#c.visitproc visitproc
